Address (some) of ian's review comments (#209)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-frost: draft-irtf-cfrg-frost.md

      - name: Victor Shoup
    date: 2020-01

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The output of this procedure is a signature share. Each signer then sends
these shares back to the Coordinator. Each signer MUST delete the nonce and

> corresponding commitment after this round completes, and MUST use the nonce to generate only a single signature share.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
corresponding commitment after this round completes, and MUST use the nonce to generate at most one
signature share.
```

  - SerializeElement: Implemented as specified in {{!RFC8032, Section 5.1.2}}.
  - DeserializeElement: Implemented as specified in {{!RFC8032, Section 5.1.3}}.
    Additionally, this function validates that the resulting element is not the group

>     identity element and is in the prime-order subgroup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    identity element and is in the prime-order subgroup.
[[TODO: describe how this check is done.]]
```
